rpm2cpio: add page (#9023)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rpm2cpio.md

# rpm2cpio

> Extracts cpio archive from RPM Package Manager (RPM) package.
> More information: <http://ftp.rpm.org/max-rpm/s1-rpm-miscellania-rpm2cpio.html>.

> - Show version of httpd package:

Reviewer: I have a doubt, does this command come under `rpm2cpio`?

# rpm2cpio

> > Extracts cpio archive from RPM Package Manager (RPM) package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Convert an RPM package to a `cpio` archive.
```

> More information: <http://ftp.rpm.org/max-rpm/s1-rpm-miscellania-rpm2cpio.html>.

> - Convert an RPM package to a cpio archive:

Reviewer 2: I hope this is correct.
```suggestion
- Convert an RPM package to a `cpio` archive and save it as `file.cpio` in the current directory:
```

> `rpm2cpio {{path/to/rpm_file}}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rpm2cpio {{path/to/file.rpm}}}`
```
I think this would be better.
